com/fastcampus/jpa/bookmanager/repository/UserHistoryRepository.java
 com.fastcampus.jpa.bookmanager.repository.UserHistoryRepository
com/fastcampus/jpa/bookmanager/domain/listener/Auditable.java
 com.fastcampus.jpa.bookmanager.domain.listener.Auditable
com/fastcampus/jpa/bookmanager/domain/Book.java
 com.fastcampus.jpa.bookmanager.domain.Book
com/fastcampus/jpa/bookmanager/support/BeanUtils.java
 com.fastcampus.jpa.bookmanager.support.BeanUtils
com/fastcampus/jpa/bookmanager/repository/BookRepository.java
 com.fastcampus.jpa.bookmanager.repository.BookRepository
com/fastcampus/jpa/bookmanager/domain/Gender.java
 com.fastcampus.jpa.bookmanager.domain.Gender
com/fastcampus/jpa/bookmanager/domain/BaseEntity.java
 com.fastcampus.jpa.bookmanager.domain.BaseEntity
com/fastcampus/jpa/bookmanager/repository/BookReviewInfoRepository.java
 com.fastcampus.jpa.bookmanager.repository.BookReviewInfoRepository
com/fastcampus/jpa/bookmanager/controller/HelloWorldController.java
 com.fastcampus.jpa.bookmanager.controller.HelloWorldController
com/fastcampus/jpa/bookmanager/domain/listener/MyEntityListener.java
 com.fastcampus.jpa.bookmanager.domain.listener.MyEntityListener
com/fastcampus/jpa/bookmanager/domain/Address.java
 com.fastcampus.jpa.bookmanager.domain.Address
com/fastcampus/jpa/bookmanager/repository/PublisherRepository.java
 com.fastcampus.jpa.bookmanager.repository.PublisherRepository
com/fastcampus/jpa/bookmanager/repository/ReviewRepository.java
 com.fastcampus.jpa.bookmanager.repository.ReviewRepository
com/fastcampus/jpa/bookmanager/domain/Publisher.java
 com.fastcampus.jpa.bookmanager.domain.Publisher
com/fastcampus/jpa/bookmanager/repository/AuthorRepository.java
 com.fastcampus.jpa.bookmanager.repository.AuthorRepository
com/fastcampus/jpa/bookmanager/domain/UserHistory.java
 com.fastcampus.jpa.bookmanager.domain.UserHistory
com/fastcampus/jpa/bookmanager/domain/listener/UserEntityListener.java
 com.fastcampus.jpa.bookmanager.domain.listener.UserEntityListener
com/fastcampus/jpa/bookmanager/domain/User.java
 com.fastcampus.jpa.bookmanager.domain.User
 com.fastcampus.jpa.bookmanager.domain.User$UserBuilder
com/fastcampus/jpa/bookmanager/repository/UserRepository.java
 com.fastcampus.jpa.bookmanager.repository.UserRepository
com/fastcampus/jpa/bookmanager/domain/BookAndAuthor.java
 com.fastcampus.jpa.bookmanager.domain.BookAndAuthor
com/fastcampus/jpa/bookmanager/repository/BookAndAuthorRepository.java
 com.fastcampus.jpa.bookmanager.repository.BookAndAuthorRepository
com/fastcampus/jpa/bookmanager/domain/Author.java
 com.fastcampus.jpa.bookmanager.domain.Author
com/fastcampus/jpa/bookmanager/domain/BookReviewInfo.java
 com.fastcampus.jpa.bookmanager.domain.BookReviewInfo
com/fastcampus/jpa/bookmanager/domain/Review.java
 com.fastcampus.jpa.bookmanager.domain.Review
com/fastcampus/jpa/bookmanager/configuration/JpaConfiguration.java
 com.fastcampus.jpa.bookmanager.configuration.JpaConfiguration
com/fastcampus/jpa/bookmanager/BookmanagerApplication.java
 com.fastcampus.jpa.bookmanager.BookmanagerApplication
com/fastcampus/jpa/bookmanager/service/UserService.java
 com.fastcampus.jpa.bookmanager.service.UserService
com/fastcampus/jpa/bookmanager/service/BookService.java
 com.fastcampus.jpa.bookmanager.service.BookService
